Dawn Abriel: Is that when you did it.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: What I need, I need to do a history and physical line, yo. And when was the last time you had any opioid
Amanda's: I haven't actually
Amanda's: I haven't taken anything just my methadone and the Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: Okay so methadone and Suboxone or both opioids.
Amanda's: Okay so yesterday was the opiate the opiate was the Suboxone was yesterday.
Dawn Abriel: And how much did you take
Amanda's: A third
Dawn Abriel: So I need to know milligrams, you took a third of what
Amanda's: They're all
Amanda's: The orange.
Amanda's: The orange package.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so doctors don't learn medicine by shape and color was it an eight milligram four milligram
Amanda's: Or 16
Dawn Abriel: So they don't make a 16
Amanda's: Maybe it was it I don't know. Hold on.
Amanda's: Wow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. So you took a third of a 12
Amanda's: Yes. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Well,
Dawn Abriel: It'll certainly be easier to give you four milligram
Dawn Abriel: Strips than to have you have you have to cut those
Dawn Abriel: And you were on methadone.
Amanda's: Yes, I was on methadone for two years.
Amanda's: In October, July would be three years.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And, and so someone switched you over to the Suboxone
Amanda's: Know they accuse me of my methadone not showing up in my you
Amanda's: Know I had already gotten my people for two weeks and then I was gonna have to go back every day again and I'm not, I didn't do anything wrong. My methadone should be in my urine.
Amanda's: And they just knock you down at the clinic, they don't try to figure out anything and they take you back to step one. I tell them I'm not coming back and doing this again.
Amanda's: I have to come back to my take. If I have to come back every day. Again, I'm not coming back. So I got my take home and I didn't go back. I thought I could kick record all by myself and I couldn't
Dawn Abriel: So you so you've got this sub off the street.
Amanda's: Yes.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm I'm impressed. Usually people have a really, really difficult time switching from methadone to Suboxone
Amanda's: Well, I think what I did with the Methadone is like I said I had eight bottles left I stayed I would take a little bit at a time. So like I said I was trying to cut down by myself.
Amanda's: And this will be my third day without any methadone at all. The first few days are kind of hard. So I was actually going to buy heroin.
Amanda's: But then I ran into the strip and I took a third of it. And I'm not trying to overdose to get high. I just wanted my legs in my just wanted to stop hurting, and I tried the third of it and I stopped hurting
Amanda's: So then I was like, well, I'll just get I'll try Suboxone
Amanda's: And ever since that ever since I got it night before last. I've been okay
Amanda's: My legs have been hurting
Amanda's: But I know that I can't do it with by myself. I can't. It's not a mental, physical, I knew it was, but I just think he was going to be that hard to pick it.
Amanda's: And I thought if I figured out my methadone until for a long time that I could leave myself off and I couldn't do it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I read in the chart that you started with Viking in. And how old were you when you started that
Amanda's: Was about
Amanda's: Five years ago.
Amanda's: I mean I had did it before, but when I really did it when I had my surgery.
Amanda's: Then I found out. Oh, I didn't need it for pain and I still took it and I realized I got high and I should have took myself off. I should have just told the doctor, I didn't need it anymore. But I didn't
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So you did that for how long before you switch to heroin.
Amanda's: Probably the whole five years I only did heroin, like a few times and then I was trying to get into a program out here in Albuquerque. And I ended up overdosing
Amanda's: Now I got on the Methadone program. Three days later.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and so you you overdosed once
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so no medical problems or legal issues around your drugs.
Amanda's: Oh, no.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And but you have had to take more and more to get just to avoid the withdrawal symptoms.
Amanda's: Yeah, well I was taking methadone. You know what I mean. And it was still hurting, but I would just deal with it because if I took a little bit. A little bit. I thought I could get off. And when I didn't have any more.
Amanda's: I was like, Okay, let's try this. A couple days and second day, I couldn't do it. So I was I asked somebody that I know here.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so I didn't ask the question, I obviously didn't ask the question correctly, I was asking about tolerance and dependence you you over the years, you had to take more and more of the opioid to get the same effect or to avoid going into withdrawal.
Amanda's: No, I said I 70 milligrams, the entire time. Ah.
Amanda's: OK, I never went up. No.
Dawn Abriel: So 70 milligrams a day.
Amanda's: Yes, that's what I was on my methadone.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's different.
Dawn Abriel: When you were taking the Viking in
Dawn Abriel: Okay, Jason Seiler
Amanda's: Go yeah I found out that if I needed. Yeah, I would overtime. Yes, a couple pills didn't work, and I would use more, more. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: That's what I needed to know.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, because both buprenorphine and methadone or long acting opioids, so you don't develop the tolerance, the way the short acting like Vika didn't
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you started using any drug even marijuana
Amanda's: Oh, maybe like 1314
Dawn Abriel: And did you start with marijuana
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And do you still use it.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Has your opioid use gotten in the way of relationships or work social activities.
Amanda's: Now,
Dawn Abriel: And what number program is this be you.
Amanda's: Know this is
Amanda's: This is my second one. But the first one I was court order to go to that this is on my own.
Amanda's: My second one. Okay.
Amanda's: Well, I guess it would be my courage, because I was on methadone and I'm trying to do Suboxone
Amanda's: So I guess my third
Amanda's: Okay, this is a different program. Right.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm a little confused and you said there were no legal issues around your drug use.
Dawn Abriel: But you were court order to be in treatment.
Amanda's: And that was a long time ago gas was like almost 15 years ago.
Amanda's: You asked how many programs. This was for me. So I was court ordered for program, a long time ago.
Amanda's: MY 20s.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I'll just say legal issues related to drug use in her 20s.
Amanda's: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and most people notice the effect of the opioids, it changes their brain so that they have problems with sleep and anxiety. Is that true for you.
Amanda's: Know,
Dawn Abriel: You have no sleep problems.
Amanda's: I see problems, but it's not because of that.
Amanda's: I only sleep three or four hours a night but that's been before I even had opiate problem.
Dawn Abriel: And
Amanda's: I used to take Xanax, but I got off Xanax, get on the Methadone clinic.
Dawn Abriel: Were you ever hospitalized for any mental health issue.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now.
Amanda's: Like a one or two.
Dawn Abriel: And that is having to do with
Dawn Abriel: The getting in a program financial relationships with stress about
Amanda's: This is like getting into this program. I haven't cleaned my house because I've been sick. I need to catch up on my chores like this coronavirus
Dawn Abriel: And your self esteem, how you feel about yourself.
Amanda's: Feel good about myself.
Dawn Abriel: All right, let's go into your past medical history. Do you know what your blood type is
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay, I'm going to read a really long list, stop me if any of them apply to you if you have any of these things as a chronic problem. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Any head trauma any I ear, nose, or a throat problems, any respiratory with asthma or pneumonia.
Dawn Abriel: Muscles joints bone problems thyroid
Amanda's: Have to wear glasses.
Dawn Abriel: For what
Amanda's: To while to see you and I wear glasses period, all the time.
Dawn Abriel: Are you near sighted or farsighted.
Amanda's: And farsighted. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No thyroid disease, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted disease or tested positive for tuberculosis know epilepsy seizures headache stroke bipolar depression hallucinations.
Dawn Abriel: And when were you diagnosed as bipolar.
Amanda's: Thousand eight
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you see a psychiatrist and are managed
Dawn Abriel: You're not on any medicine.
Dawn Abriel: No, okay, and suicidal thoughts or suicidal attempts know any liver problems with cirrhosis heartburn gallbladder disease hemorrhoids hepatitis ulcers, your bladder and kidneys work normally
Dawn Abriel: You don't have chronic sinus infections dentures.
Amanda's: I haven't Martha.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or blood clots, or any abnormal heart rate.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: Anything you have that I haven't asked you about
Amanda's: I had a head trauma to set chronic. Um, I don't know. I had my brain was cracked open in half, but
Dawn Abriel: What year was that
Amanda's: Right.
Amanda's: 9596. Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: And did they tell you that you had leftover problems from that injury.
Amanda's: Now I healed, a pretty good. I mean, I just don't feel on that side, sometimes, but
Amanda's: I just got your hair color.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: When you did the heroin heroin. Was it IV. Are you smoked it
Amanda's: IV.
Dawn Abriel: And have you been tested for hepatitis C.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And what we told
Amanda's: I don't have anything. They just said if you don't call me back. I don't have anything
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But you haven't gone for your labs for bright heart health, yet.
Amanda's: No, I just called yesterday and she gave me the thing
Amanda's: About four o'clock.
Okay.
Amanda's: To go to seven days. So I guess I'll call up there. Make an appointment.
Dawn Abriel: Call up where, where are you
Amanda's: To that to the to go do my a UA
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's more than a UA, you have to get blood drawn. So if you go to a quest. You don't have to make an appointment. You just have to tell them that you with bright heart health, and they will find your name on the list because we have a contract with quest labs, so
Dawn Abriel: You don't usually need an appointment.
Amanda's: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But you do have to get that done as soon as possible.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had any surgeries.
Amanda's: I had shoulder surgery.
Dawn Abriel: Rotator cuff.
Amanda's: Almost was no it's right under the rotator cuff. I don't even know what it's called but it's right under that
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Amanda's: I had my to retire.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Amanda's: And I had a conflict to me.
Dawn Abriel: But you
Dawn Abriel: See, you have your appendix.
Yes.
Amanda's: I just had a civilization and a tonsillectomy. And my shoulder surgery.
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive and in good health.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: When did she die. How old was she when she died.
Amanda's: Six.
Dawn Abriel: And from what did she die.
Roses.
Dawn Abriel: And your father. Is he alive.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, yes, and in good health.
Amanda's: Yeah, he just had a stroke, but for the most part, he's in good health.
Dawn Abriel: He doesn't have heart disease.
Amanda's: No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have brothers and sisters
Amanda's: I have a sister, but she passed away.
Dawn Abriel: How old was she when she passed.
Amanda's: 43
Dawn Abriel: And from what
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: So alcohol was a big feature in your family. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I've never met anyone
Dawn Abriel: With bipolar who didn't have alcoholism in their family.
Amanda's: Yeah, I think it's a hand in hand.
Dawn Abriel: So tell me about your tobacco use.
Amanda's: I smoke every day.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started
Amanda's: I started like 11 okay when I really started i think i was like 13 or 14
Dawn Abriel: And how much do you smoke a day.
Amanda's: Or half a pack.
Dawn Abriel: And my drink alcohol.
Amanda's: No I don't drink alcohol. I mean, I did right now that I was withdrawing from the methadone, but, um, I haven't take really I trade for Christmas and then
Amanda's: Every drink since June.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever have a problem with drinking too much.
Amanda's: Yeah, I'm an alcoholic, recovering alcoholic.
Amanda's: Okay.
And
Dawn Abriel: Do you eat more than a couple fast foods per week.
Amanda's: Yeah.
Amanda's: I wish I did. But yeah, I do. My wife was carried out, I'd rather you get home.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a household smoke detector.
Amanda's: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Do you keep any guns in your home.
Amanda's: Oh no, I'm a felon.
Dawn Abriel: And you wear your seatbelt.
Amanda's: Oh, yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And are you sexually active right now.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and your preference.
Amanda's: I'm with a woman.
Dawn Abriel: So, but you identify as female
Amanda's: Yes.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Did you, did you ever use benzodiazepines recreationally
Amanda's: What do you mean like the Methadone
Amanda's: Or Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever use Valium Xanax Ambien Danny bars, just for
Dawn Abriel: To get high.
Amanda's: I messed with values one time in my friend, but I puked, and I never messaged him again.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you were born and raised where
Amanda's: Our cooking in Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: And how much coffee. Do you have each day.
Amanda's: I don't
Dawn Abriel: Have any caffeine. Do you drink energy drinks.
Amanda's: No, I don't think energy drinks, but I think soda.
Dawn Abriel: About how many
Amanda's: Maybe four of the bottles.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any children.
Amanda's: I have five children.
Dawn Abriel: And their ages.
Amanda's: 2724 23
Amanda's: We passed away in 18 okay
Dawn Abriel: And how far did you go in school.
Amanda's: And grace.
Dawn Abriel: What kind of
Dawn Abriel: Okay, what, what kind of work.
Dawn Abriel: What kind of jobs. Have you had
Like your cashier
Amanda's: The last one I had was a store manager of a subway.
Amanda's: Server just dealing with the public just pretty much kept hearing
Amanda's: Waiting on the public
Dawn Abriel: Do you ever get involved with methamphetamine.
Amanda's: Yeah, I just got a couple of times.
Amanda's: I did it back in the day when they call it crank. I did it with my kids dead.
Dawn Abriel: Man, I didn't get it.
Amanda's: Like three years ago. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And cocaine.
Amanda's: Guys, did that right after we'd and then I used to be addicted to crack.
Amanda's: That was all in my 20s, though.
Amanda's: Right. In fact that was before my 20s.
Dawn Abriel: So you have your own home, you're not homeless.
Amanda's: No, I'm not homeless.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but do you like to do for fun.
Amanda's: I don't know, I just like to stay home. I don't really like to deal with people drill into backstabbing you somebody's always want something, but I just like to hang out with my family.
Amanda's: Watch TV and yet with the animals.
Dawn Abriel: With whom do you live.
Amanda's: I live with my wife.
Dawn Abriel: Not none of your kids.
Amanda's: My kids are grown
Dawn Abriel: And I know military service. I assume
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Your source of support.
Dawn Abriel: Oops. You, you, you muted yourself.
Amanda's: And hung up on him. Yeah, no, I don't have any. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Amanda's: I don't have any military myself in the military.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and your source of support.
Amanda's: My wife. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I can see you have a cigarette in your hand when you're in bright heart health in the zoom
Dawn Abriel: I don't know.
Amanda's: If I didn't like it.
I thought about it. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And let's see.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first.
Dawn Abriel: When you first started having periods. Hello.
Amanda's: Lucky
Dawn Abriel: And no
Dawn Abriel: No problems with your menstrual cycle. No irregular periods. No.
Dawn Abriel: Abnormal
Dawn Abriel: Pap smears. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And how many pregnancies.
Amanda's: And you have four
Amanda's: I've had five though.
Dawn Abriel: How old was the child who died.
Amanda's: She was four months old.
Dawn Abriel: Wow.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: From what did she die.
Amanda's: Don't know this. They took my kids because of drinking and they said she died of SIDS
Dawn Abriel: That's rough
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now I have to read a long list of problems. So, stop me if any of them apply to you, but Amanda you're frozen on the screen. Can you still hear me.
Amanda's: Hi, can you hear me. Hi.
Amanda's: My phone just shut off.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm
Amanda's: Down. Sorry about that.
Dawn Abriel: That's all right.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to read a list of problems, but don't mention any of them that are just withdrawal symptoms. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So, fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot, even a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision changing vision, hearing loss difficulty hearing drainage from your ears are ringing in your ears.
Dawn Abriel: Bloody nose.
Amanda's: What, no. No, none of those so far.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good. So lips or mouse or tongue lumps in your neck neck stiffness neck pain, difficulty breathing a new car for shortness of breath, chest pain, irregular heartbeat. You can't breathe lying down.
Dawn Abriel: Look at swelling in your legs and your ankles varicose veins, diarrhea, constipation, you don't have constipation from the opioids. No.
All right.
Dawn Abriel: Ready to go.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain, blood in your urine painful urination Pina lot keen to little change in hair nail or skin texture.
Dawn Abriel: New moles, muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp.
Dawn Abriel: Vertigo headaches, lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination weakness or difficulty speaking change in mood depression sadness interfering with function, you said anxiety nervousness sleep disturbance
Amanda's: I've always had a sleep problem, they've been trying to give me pills for a long time. I just don't going through with it.
Amanda's: Well, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Suicide thoughts hopelessness seeing or hearing things that other people don't are easy bruising.
Amanda's: Know,
Dawn Abriel: And are you on any other prescription medicine.
Amanda's: No.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any allergies to medicine.
Amanda's: Sofa
Amanda's: ibuprofen.
Amanda's: That's it.
Dawn Abriel: What happens when you have a self a drug.
Amanda's: I just broke out real bad. It's antibiotics.
Dawn Abriel: And what happens when you have ibuprofen.
Amanda's: I feel like I can't free like
Amanda's: I guess when you take too much opiates when you're going to throw up and all that.
Amanda's: Like how I feel when I was when
Amanda's: I come hot. I had a work of 18 is just
Amanda's: Horrible.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: You dress yourself feed yourself. You go to the bathroom by yourself. You know who you are, where you are. You make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate to your edge. You can focus your attention and you can read
Amanda's: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now we're going to
Dawn Abriel: Get your vital signs best we can. So I want you to look on the screen and see that there's a muscle that goes from your jaw down to your
Dawn Abriel: Right, so right in front of that muscle is your carotid artery. So if you get your pulse there. You have to press kind of lightly or you block it off, but I think you're a little too high.
Dawn Abriel: So now you're No, look, watch me. Yeah, you have to be in the muscles right here. You have to be in front of the muscle.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah right in there. Do you feel your pulse.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah, I'll tell you when to start counting. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay, hold on.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Amanda's: Hold on, let me find it again.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Count
Amanda's: 123 or
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's good.
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
Amanda's: I take him around 170 now.
Dawn Abriel: So now I want you to get really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Good. That's enough. Let go pull back, make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Left.
Dawn Abriel: All the way up.
Dawn Abriel: And all the way down.
Dawn Abriel: And breathe out of either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: Stick your tongue out at me. Open your mouth really wide move your tongue, side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay. Close your mouth bite down no job pain.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay. Let me see you put your ear to your shoulder.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and chin to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And head all the way back head all the way forward.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: And take a big huge breath.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and with the hand, it's not holding the phone push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left no pain or bumps or lumps or problems in your belly.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now bring the camera down to your ankles and let me see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Amanda's: I have sock.
Dawn Abriel: That's good.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Now prop the camera up somewhere.
Dawn Abriel: And pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Good and tap your thumb with your fingers as fast as you can.
Dawn Abriel: Tap your fingers to your thumb.
Amanda's: Okay, good. Can I make nails on I think
Dawn Abriel: Oh yeah, that makes a little more
Dawn Abriel: Little more difficult. I have. Yeah.
Amanda's: I fake nails on
Dawn Abriel: How many tattoos. Do you have
Amanda's: Nine.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and what did any of them have complications after getting them know infections.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Dawn Abriel: So let's talk about the program.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm guessing that you would like a daytime program.
Dawn Abriel: To come to group.
Amanda's: Yeah. Um, yeah.
Amanda's: It's a nighttime program.
Dawn Abriel: There are some yes
Amanda's: And I have to come to group.
Dawn Abriel: Once a week.
Amanda's: So,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, this is the this bright heart health is a program where you come once a week to group every week for one hour and then you have one hour a week of individual therapy.
Dawn Abriel: So every week. It's two hours. It's a commitment of two hours each week.
Amanda's: What are we doing group. Do I have to talk
Dawn Abriel: Group is group therapy. So whatever you put in is whatever what you're going to get out of it.
Amanda's: But I have to go.
Dawn Abriel: You know, you don't have to go. You don't have to be in the program.
Amanda's: Know if I take the program, I have to go to this group.
Dawn Abriel: Well, if you don't go to group the doctor will not write a prescription for the medicine. Oh.
Amanda's: Yeah, no. Okay. Yeah, if I could have
Amanda's: Can I just see my oxygen, water day at night.
Amanda's: My wife works. So I have to drive her out of town if the car every back
Amanda's: Okay, if you just
Amanda's: Type, it might be easier just me. See my option.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, there's a Monday at nine o'clock.
Dawn Abriel: There's a
Amanda's: Group.
Dawn Abriel: Just for group. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: There's a
Friday at 131
Dawn Abriel: Let me see. Let me just make sure there's openings in the Friday, one
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, there's only five people in that. So that would be a really good one to go to
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: The nighttime the nighttime ones. Let's see, New Mexico, Thursday, at six o'clock. Oh no, that's not open
Dawn Abriel: Hmm. I thought there. There's a Wednesday.
Dawn Abriel: At 730 it has 10 people in it. But not everyone comes
Amanda's: In the evening.
Dawn Abriel: 730 at night. Yes.
Amanda's: Well, I have to tell you now.
Yep.
Amanda's: Can I change later it's hard because the coronavirus they might not keep my wife out there in Bernal Leo, they might not be proud to tell me you might share her story completely down
Amanda's: Every to cut her hours. So I don't want to say, Oh, I'll take the 130 and then she has to be somewhere and she needs to car. You know what I mean.
Amanda's: Unless you have to do inventory at nighttime. I just, I'll take the 730 at night time
Okay.
Amanda's: I'll see how that goes for right now.
Amanda's: But then I still need to pick one in the daytime for to go to individual
Amanda's: The
Dawn Abriel: therapist will get
Dawn Abriel: The therapist will get ahold of you.
Dawn Abriel: And do an evaluation and then you will agree on a time
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to be giving you the beauty trend.
Dawn Abriel: Or four milligrams and you already told the care coordinator which pharmacy, you want to use right
Amanda's: Yeah, and I told him that I will let you know. I call this the Albertsons and they said they're not in jeopardy of closing down. So they're good, and they accept my insurance.
Amanda's: That girl Mia. I told her that I would check to make sure it would go to the right one. So you're, you're my doctor right
Dawn Abriel: No. Does the 730 Thursday group is Dr. Solomon.
Amanda's: Nobody stopped, but you're my doctor for the medication for the Suboxone Rick. Correct.
Dawn Abriel: Know the doctor for the group is dr elements. So he will be the one ordering your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Amanda's: I know I'm just getting onto the program, but how do I. So my goal. My goal was to get off a methadone, like I use this box until I wouldn't be in pain, how, how can I get off, how can I withdraw and not be on either program which are safely.
Dawn Abriel: Use you tell Dr element that you want to start tapering and he'll do it very, very slowly in small little amounts and
Dawn Abriel: You just he'll give you support medicine, but you're going to have to tell him. That's what you want to do.
Amanda's: I know, that's why I thought that that is what I want to do. I don't want to be honest I my goal was to get off with a methadone. I just got off really that wasn't the right time, but I don't want to stay on this river.
Dawn Abriel: There's no reason you have to you can you can come off of it, but it should be done.
Slowly
Amanda's: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: So, um, before you go into group 730 on Thursdays, you have to fill out a survey. So you have to go on to the website and
Dawn Abriel: The care coordinator any care coordinator that you find when you go to the virtual clinic, you know that place. You went to before you came in to see me.
Dawn Abriel: Those care coordinators will answer any and all of your questions.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so after you're done with me. You're going to go back to the virtual clinic and say that you need to do a couple of things you need to be shown how to do a Bam.
Dawn Abriel: And they need to give you the way to do one more survey called the ACE adverse childhood experiences. It's only 10 questions one time.
Dawn Abriel: But they'll set you up to be able to do those two things, and the band is what you have to do before every group, you can do it the day before, you know, a few hours before, but it has to be done before group because if you haven't done it, then you have to do it.
Dawn Abriel: And you'll be late for group and some of the therapists.
Dawn Abriel: Close the group after 15 minutes. So then you run the risk of not getting your medicine that week because you didn't
Dawn Abriel: Because you didn't notify
Amanda's: Okay, so I have so I don't ever leave my house is what you're saying. I do all of this over my phone.
Dawn Abriel: Right, just like this.
Amanda's: Oh, wow. Can I don't need to take my wife to Earth. I've had, I had to physically go to a group
Dawn Abriel: Know this is it you do it just like this.
Amanda's: Okay. And Dr. Ottoman he's, he's a doctor of all of these groups.
No.
Amanda's: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: There are different doctors running different groups in New Mexico. We have three people in New Mexico who are running groups.
Dawn Abriel: Myself another woman and Dr. Solomon.
Amanda's: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So before group you do your bam you the care coordinator will give you the zoom room number for the group because the zoom number changes every week.
Dawn Abriel: So you can't use the same number over and over, you have to check in with the virtual clinic. They checked to make sure that you're up to date on your urine drug screen and on your BAM and any co pays that might be needed.
Amanda's: And what's them.
Dawn Abriel: Brief addiction monitor
Dawn Abriel: It's a survey the survey that you fill out every week before you go into group.
Dawn Abriel: It helps us follow what's going on in your life.
Amanda's: Every week finally get a week.
Amanda's: Medicine at a time.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Until you've been in the program, a long time and you're doing well, you're not missing appointments, then you can talk to the doctor and the therapist about going every two weeks or
Dawn Abriel: You know, we do have many people who are once a month because they've been in the program for a couple years.
Amanda's: Yeah, no, I want to be out of the program.
Amanda's: As soon as possible.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Amanda's: I just
Amanda's: Depending on this drugs anymore. I've been doing it too long.
Dawn Abriel: I hear you. So every month right heart health will send you a manila envelope like this.
Dawn Abriel: When you get it in the mail. Do not open it. If you open it, it is not, they won't use it and you'll have to go outside your home to a lab to do you urine drug screen.
Dawn Abriel: When you get this in the mail, you go to the virtual clinic and you say, I've got this thing. What do I do with it.
Dawn Abriel: And you will open it in front of them and you will take out the urine drug cup like this and you'll open it in front of them, you'll go to the bathroom in your comeback and you'll pull the way up to the camera and you'll very slowly turn it so they can read the results.
Amanda's: Oh,
Amanda's: I want to take a year and a one time outside of the clinic outside of my house, any of the other time it's
Amanda's: All right now.
Yeah.
Amanda's: But that's what she was saying about the four times a month.
Amanda's: For an address, I need a different address, then
Dawn Abriel: It's once a month, the urine drug screen is once a month.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, say that back to me. So I understand you heard it.
Amanda's: I'm going to take a urine test once a month and at Brown package, I cannot open it. I have to call the virtual clinic, you talk one of those care coordinators and open in front of them. I opened the ground. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I hear you. You got it. So what I
Dawn Abriel: What I wanted. So a zoom room number is not the same as a phone number.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, no. Okay. Because you said call. So you're going to, you go to the virtual clinic by getting into zoom and doing the ID number for zoom
Amanda's: Well, yeah, but when I called you guys yesterday, I called the phone number and I talked to me like that. And then I joined zoom
Amanda's: So she said that I don't always have to call to get into virtual room. I could call her on the telephone. So I'm not always waiting on hold because I don't have an appointment.
Amanda's: So Mina said I could call her on the telephone.
Dawn Abriel: Fine, if you want to do it that way. That's fine.
Amanda's: Yesterday I meant by all like
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but you can't, if you're going to do the urine drug screen, she'll just make you get on to zoom anyway.
Amanda's: Yeah, but I mean, I'm going to call it and ask for. Bam. And you don't have to go sit in that waiting room.
Amanda's: And have to do that other server, you asked me to do that I'm
Amanda's: Ace, the E. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I don't need to go.
Amanda's: Within 20 minutes okay for them to ask me.
Dawn Abriel: You will see you can try it that way you're going to
Amanda's: Call. So every time I call the virtual clinic I have to dial the 408486476
Dawn Abriel: That's the zoom room number
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's the
Dawn Abriel: ID number. It's not a dial. It's not a punch. It's
Amanda's: It. Yeah. But is that the one that always will get me to the virtual clinic.
Amanda's: Yeah I don't ever turn
That liver change.
Amanda's: Now it's good number that I got for you. I'm like this cross it out.
Dawn Abriel: You, you probably won't ever need it. Okay.
Amanda's: I'm going to close it out and then I had gotten another number yesterday to I'll just ask them if I should throw that away too.
Dawn Abriel: So you're going to go get your labs done. I do.
Dawn Abriel: Right heart health does electronic prescriptions. You'll never get a piece of paper with your order on it, it will be electronically submitted to the pharmacy.
Amanda's: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So you have to call the pharmacy and say has my E prescription come in is my E prescription packaged is my he prescription ready to be picked up.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I also by law have to order Narc can for anyone who gets an order of an opioid gets an order of Narcan there 11 refills have them all pass them out. Doesn't it's real important that the community have Narcan around
Amanda's: So you're saying because of our this I should always have an offline on me.
Dawn Abriel: Right. Yeah, I mean,
Amanda's: If he did anyway.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, the chances of overdosing on our can are really, really small. It's hard to do.
Dawn Abriel: But, but where we see it is people are out and they see people overdose and they go out and rescue them. So I know you said you never leave the house but
Amanda's: I know the right I would rather stay home but
Amanda's: I mean, I do go out, it just
Amanda's: It just people changed over the years. It's all about drugs and they're always trying to rip you off and
Amanda's: I just don't have time for that. I'm too old to do that already.
Dawn Abriel: Okey doke. Do you have any questions.
Amanda's: Okay, so you said that I'm on the formula ground if you already said that he prescription
Dawn Abriel: We've been talking this whole time.
Amanda's: Okay, but you're the one who's going to send it, or wait for the
Dawn Abriel: Know I'm going to do it today. I'm going to end. This will get you to
Amanda's: Next Wednesday next Thursday. Right, next Wednesday.
Dawn Abriel: Actually know you could go to the group tonight at
Amanda's: 730
Dawn Abriel: At 730 then I'm just going to check that and make sure it's really accurate Thursday.
Dawn Abriel: Oh no, that's not the one that's it 730
Dawn Abriel: Shoot.
Dawn Abriel: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I know I saw 731 yeah that's Wednesday. Wednesday at 730
Amanda's: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Let me I
Amanda's: Don't know why we're speaking
Amanda's: Tonight go tonight I have Wednesday.
Dawn Abriel: So good.
Amanda's: I have Monday Friday and Wednesday.
Dawn Abriel: So I'll give you enough medicine to get to next Wednesday. And then you will meet Dr element, I will send him an email saying that you're now on in that group. And I will tell him that you want to taper as soon as possible.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to send you an email that will have a lot of important information on it. Keep the email I sent you. I send you because you're going to want to refer to it right
Dawn Abriel: Do you check your email every day.
Dawn Abriel: Whoops, you froze again.
Dawn Abriel: No, I think we're done.
Dawn Abriel: So it is March.
Dawn Abriel: 19 2020 and I think all that you need to do is fill in the bubbles for her and her name was Amanda Garcia.